-(WATER SLOSHING)
-(BOAT HORN SOUNDS)
(OBJECTS MOVING)
(SPLASHING)
(BOAT HORN SOUNDS)
(SEAGULLS CRY)
(MAN SPEAKING SPANISH)
(MAN IN SPANISH) One cup
for every three bricks.
(CLICKING)
(DISTANT SIRENS)
MAN: I ain't got no time
for you motherfuckers!
OFFICER: Breaching!
Back door popped.
MAN: You picked the wrong
house today. motherfucker!
-(GUNFIRE)
-Fuck you!
Back door!
(GRUNTS)-(GUNFIRE)
-Yeah!
-Come out.
(GUNFIRE)
(DOGS BARK)
FEMALE OFFICER: Come on.
come on. come on! Oh. shit!
You're good. right? You're good!
You're good! Come
on. come on! Shit!
Come on! You're all
right. You're good.
MAN: Come on. motherfucker!
FEMALE OFFICER:
You're all right.
(OFFICER GROANS)
(GUNFIRE)
Whoo! Let's go. motherfuckers!
(SIRENS APPROACH)
OFFICER 2: He's
down. Let's clear it.
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
I got a body on my left.
OFFICER: Body on the
right. She's dead.
FEMALE OFFICER:
I'll hold the room.
I'm clear!
-OFFICER: Holy shit!
-OFFICER 2: What you got?
FEMALE OFFICER:
How's it looking?
(LAUGHS)
-Hey. come here. man.
-Give me a minute.
-Fucker.
-Rub some dirt on that shit.
(EXHALES)-Whoo!
-Man. my boy was busy. man.
-He almost killed me. man.
-Oh. man.
-Fuck.
(SOBS)
Hey. hey. Ty. You
missed something. man.
My bad.
Hey. buddy. It's okay.
OFFICER 3: Hey.
West. Nice job. man.
All right. brother.
WOMAN OVER SPEAKER:
Attention shoppers.
we are closing in...
-BOY: Sour cream and onion?
-GIRL ON PHONE: Shut up!
(LAUGHS)
I like barbecue.
No. those are good.
-Come on. man. I'm on the phone.
-Yeah. I can see that.
-Hi. Mr. West.
-Hi. Colby!
Try not to keep him up too late.
Okay.
Thank you.
-It's my house. Jack.
-Okay.
God. Sorry about that.
♪ Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday. I'm
so sorry I'm late.
I'm so sorry I'm
late. I'm here now.
I saw the news.
Is everyone okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. do you know what?
You married a goddamn hero.
do you know that? (CHUCKLES)
What are you doing?
I'm about to give you
your birthday present.
Shut up. I just got
Jayla to bed. I just...
-Better be really quiet.
-(CHUCKLES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(HOARSE BREATHS)
OFFICER: Smiley. let's
go. You got yard.
(HOARSELY) Yard is in two hours.
Book. You messing with me?
-(BREATHING HEAVILY)
-(BANGING)
(COUGHS)
(HEAVY BREATHING CONTINUES)
They want to see me?
Paperwork?
George Greene. 10/1/80.
This you?
That's me.
Take a seat.
GEORGE: I'll stand.
MAN: Why do they
call you Smiley?
Why ain't you with
The Brand. bro?
I like Black people.
I like Brown people.
I like Red people.
I believe in a free market.
I've seen your
paperwork. Murder one.
What's your plan on the outside?
What are you. a
guidance counselor?
This is my workout time.
I hate to tell you this.
but we need your white ass to
put some work in before you go.
You called me up
here to tell me that?
I'll have one of my people take
care of it. Next time send a kite.
Hold the fuck up.
Ain't done yet.
I want you to do it.
It can't lead back to my house.
And why would I do that?
Consider it a personal
favor to me if you have to.
(MAN IN SPANISH) Look. two
equal parts of the same heart.
Yes?
My love.
(MAKES PLAYFUL NOISE)
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-(GIRL COUGHS)
-No. no. no.
Good. Papa will be back
in a week with more.
Right?
Very good.
I love you.
One cup for every three bricks.
Be strong and be smart.
Si.
Caio!
(SPANISH MUSIC ON RADIO)
(DOGS BARK)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(WOMAN IN SPANISH) Do
you think it's a bad idea
that we're sending
our son to the US?
(MAN IN SPANISH) Ma'am?
I don't believe in
good. or in bad.
(WOMAN) Would you send your son?
(MAN) Let's not talk
about my family.
Thank you for the coffee.
(GATE OPENS)
Hello Mr. Garza. It's
a pleasure to meet you.
And you.
-This is my son. Iago.
-Hello.
You said he was a boy.
but this is a man.
Very strong.
Please.
Iago.
He's very smart.
He had to quit school to
help maintain the farm.
But when he gets to the United
States. he'd like to become a doctor.
Or an accountant.
Si.
Yes. of course.
The world needs more
smart. strong. men.
Mexicans.
Now more than ever.
But baby steps.
Baby steps. Let's not put
too much pressure on our boy.
(CHUCKLES)
The American Dream awaits
you. Iago. But it's not easy.
It's all possible
but it's not easy.
I've seen boys just like you
become bankers.
entrepreneurs. lawyers...
Bankers! Entrepreneurs!
Yes.
(IN ENGLISH) How's your English?
Good. very good.
He speaks it perfectly.
(IN ENGLISH) You like music?
-Yeah.
-What kind?
-IAGO: Mainly rock and roll.
-Rock and roll.
Go pack a small bag.
(IN SPANISH) Now. you
said there was a problem
with the payment?
Yes. I can't pay it all at once.
May I pay you monthly?
No.
No. That's not how it works.
And what about the
deed to your farm?
(IN ENGLISH) So what's
up with that girl
you've been talking to?
-Casey?
-Yeah.
She was fucking on some dude
with a little pink dick.
I used to be cool with
him. but he a bitch.
-Who?
-But...
-Dylan.
-GIRL: That's fucked up. Doobie.
BOY: Ain't he your
cousin. though?
-He is. dude!
-Get the fuck outta here.
You gonna pass that?
GIRL: Do you guys wanna
get out of here at lunch?
We can go to my house.
No. I can't. I missed
too many days already.
-My mom would fucking kill me.
-This shit is stupid.
(LAUGHS)
What's so funny?
I have some molly.
-Yeah. fuck it. Come on.
-JACK: Yeah. fuck it.
-Fuck it.
-Come on.
-(LAUGHTER)
-(COUGHS. LAUGHS)
-(GIRL LAUGHS)
(SNIFFING)
(SIGHS)
(MICROWAVE BEEPS)
Doobie. glasses off.
JACK: Psst!
-Shit feel good.
-(QUIET LAUGHTER)
Ryan. what's going
on over there?
(FARTS)-(LAUGHTER)
TEACHER: Ryan. put
your clothes back on.
I don't like my
clothes. Mr. Finch.
(LAUGHTER)
(SIGHS)
-Yeah.
-DOOBIE: Hell. yeah!
Where the hell are they?
They said they were
making him hydrate.
He's already missed
too many days.
They're gonna hold him back.
Watch. he's gonna end up living
with us until he's fucking 40.
At least we know he
won't be a virgin.
-Are you kidding me right now?
-I'm not. I'm. uh...
I'm trying to make
some light of it. baby.
What do you want
me to do. hit him?
-We don't have to do that.
-Oh. my...
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Yes. sir. Go for West. Yes. sir.
Thank you. sir.
No. I appreciate it. Hm-hmm.
All right. Thank you.
(INTERCOM BELL)
-Yeah?
-That was the DA.
-I'm cleared to go back to work.
-Great.
That means I'm in charge of
enforcing the punishment.
Hey. buddy. Did you have
a good day at school?
Nice to see you again.
(SPANISH MUSIC)
(MAN IN SPANISH) Who's next?
Stand still.
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
Move.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SIGHS)
(SPANISH MUSIC CONTINUES)
Eight. nine. ten.
Very good. very good. very good.
Ruby told you to fix the truck?
Yes. You know it. good man.
You're next. Go.
Everybody onto the truck!
(MAN SPEAKS SPANISH)
See you in America.
you bastards.
(DOORS LOCK)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
(DOOR SLAMS)
(GROANING)
(CLATTERING)
(INMATE GROANS SOFTLY)
(INDISTINCT PRISON CHATTER)
(GROANING)
(CHOKING)
(BANGING AND GROANING SOUNDS)
(TURNS TV VOLUME UP)
(YELLING)
(CHOKING. GROANS)
(GASPING GROAN)
(CHATTER CONTINUES ON TV)
(STRAINING)
(GEORGE BREATHES HOARSELY)
(CHATTER CONTINUES ON TV)
(ALARM SOUNDS IN THE
DISTANCE) -(HOARSE BREATHS)
(INMATES YELL)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
(ALARM SOUND CONTINUES)
Hm.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(GRUMBLES)
MAN: Is it done?
Yeah.
Yeah. thanks for the heads-up.
Now. when you get out.
I'm gonna send you someone
who will walk you through it.
Everything. Capiche?
Yeah.
Good.
Enjoy your freedom.
(CHUCKLES)
POLICE CAPTAIN: I want them
signed before end of shift.
Please don't make me say
this every fucking day.
Get the Major off
my ass. will you?
And who keeps drawing
dicks on my blackboard?
-That would be me. Cap!
-Of course it's her.
-TY: That's Frosty's dick.
-Just dreaming. Frosty?
-All right.
-That's a farm-raised clit.
-Okay. listen up. please.
-(LAUGHTER)
-FROSTY: Okay. All right.
-Oh! And the man himself!
-(CHEERING)
-Who's this guy?
FROSTY: Look who's back!
That's right. I don't
mean to interrupt.
I just have to say
really quickly. um...
Guys. I just want to
thank the big man up above
that y'all have me.
Some real motherfucking
police in the house!
I'm just kidding.
I wouldn't be doing this job
with any group of dirt bags.
-Yes.
-Frosty. That's a nice dick.
-Is that yours?
-Thank you! Yes!
-CAP: All right.
-TY: Vacation.
-Give me some.
-CAP: All right. all right.
-Settle. Settle. Settle!
-FROSTY: Sorry.
Uh... West. we were just
going over first shift notes.
Gang-related shooting on 129th.
-Surenos and 107s are beefing.
-Yeah.
So. you and Ty are back
on ripping and running.
Guns and drugs. people.
-You ready?
-Get on it!
-All right. man.
-Move out.
They fuck around
and find out. baby.
What's up with Jacky? How
long is he suspended for?
Two weeks. man.
Shit. He's a fuck-up
like his old man. huh?
-Oh. man. Don't I know it?
-Tess must be killing him.
She tore his fucking
head off. man.
I swear to God. I
almost felt bad for him.
Poor kid.
But he's in
counseling. grounded.
-The whole bit.
-He'll straighten out.
Oh. man. These kids today.
Something ain't right. you know?
-Just feels different.
-It is different.
Fuck it. Let's go
shake some trees. man.
Let's do it. Let's
light them up.
(TURNS ON SIREN)
(SPANISH MUSIC)
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(MIGRANTS SPEAK SPANISH)
(PANICKED OVERLAPPING CHATTER)
(ALL SHOUTING)
(SPANISH MUSIC)
(IN SPANISH) -Hey. turn it back...
-No. listen.
You're crazy. It's nothing.
(INCREASES VOLUME)
Calm down.
(SWITCHES MUSIC OFF)
Take this exit.
(LAUGHS)
It's okay.
We're almost there. man.
We'll take the next one.
(GASPING BREATHS)
(KNOCKING)
Help me.
Friend. help me!
Please. help me.
Iago.
Iago. Iago. Son.
(IN ENGLISH) You're
okay. You're okay.
Drink some water.
You're okay. buddy.
Drink some water. You're
okay. You're okay. buddy.
(GRUNTS. SPEAKS SPANISH)
(IN ENGLISH) It's
okay. It's okay. buddy.
We can divide the
money. (GUNSHOTS)
And when he gets out. he
don't have no pants on.
-Oh. my God.
-Just the trench coat!
-There it is!
-He's rock hard.
Solid. big-ass dick.
-Right?
-How did you miss that?
-Listen. man. It was dark.
-Yeah.
-Third shift. bro.
-Whatever.
How is that an excuse. man?
Super-cop over here. man.
OFFICER: I feel you.
But I couldn't see.
I would have to
miss that one. too.
(LAUGHTER)
TY: Which one of
you handcuffed him?
This one.
-You know I wasn't gonna do it.
-Oh. man.
He had a blue diamond-cutter.
the whole booking.
(LAUGHING)
-I was fed up.
-(PHONE VIBRATING)
Yeah. go for West.
Copy. en route. 10-54.
-FROSTY: Uh. Sucks to be you.
-Tough. man.
I'll catch you guys later.
-See you around.
-See you!
FROSTY: Don't run
into any dicks.
WEST: Fuck off!
(LAUGHING)
-Oh. boy.
-Oy. Excuse me. sir.
Hey. buddy.
Oh. he ain't fucking with me.
Got a Texas ID.
man. Brownsville.
Hey. Ty. Check
his right forearm.
TY: Surenos 13.
What's he doing under there?
Hey. brother. You
recognize this stamp?
TY: You know I do.
Gulf Cartel.
Fuck!
Jesus fuck.
(DOOR BUZZER)
Oh. Georgie!
Georgie! Georgie! Oh. my boy!
(CHUCKLING)
Oh. baby! (GASPS)
Oh. look at you.
How you doin'. Ma?
Much better now. baby.
You're so fit and strong!
Look at you! (LAUGHS)
Let's get the hell
outta here. (CHUCKLES)
(MODEL TRAIN WHISTLES)
Oh. my goodness. they're
good. Mm! Mm-mm-mm. Mm.
Oh. hey.
I need to give you that.
Mickey will be here soon.
How is Mick?
You know... Mickey.
Will you look what the
fucking cat dragged in?
Hey. listen...
Heard you did real
good in there.
-I'm proud of you.
-(MODEL TRAIN WHISTLES)
MOTHER: You gonna get
something to eat. Mick?
Am I late? Am I late?
You're not late. Mick.
Go get some food.
This is a buffet.
You go help yourself.
No. thank you.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Excuse me.
Where do you think you're going?
Sit down. Keep my ma company.
Just relax. Let him
do his business. huh?
-Aren't you gonna eat nothing?
-Mm-mm.
They got gooks working
in the kitchen. Ginge.
It's pancakes. Mick.
(SCANNER BUZZES)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
-MAN: Is he there?
-Yeah.
-Give him the phone.
-He's right here.
So. how does it feel?
What?
Freedom.
You see. unlike you.
they say that I
murdered two people.
but not on tribal ground.
So I guess I'll never get
out of here. (CHUCKLES)
Anyway. you see that
guy sitting next to you?
Yeah.
Well. you listen to
him as if he were me.
Hopefully. this is the
last time we speak.
Everything runs through
him. you understand?
Yes.
Good.
I am no longer in your debt.
Give him back the phone.
I know he's a white boy.
but he saved my life.
-See how he does.
-All right. You got it.
What's your relationship
like with 107?
I know 'em.
We need you to convince them
they need to start
going through us.
They're buying from a group
in Cali. New Generation.
and it's causing a lot of
problems for our partners.
Who are your
partners. the Surenos?
I'll see what I can do.
We also need these
people from California
to understand they
aren't welcome here.
You understand what
I'm saying to you?
We're gonna start you
off with ten keys.
Where's your phone at?
That motherfucker stays
with you at all times.
It's for my calls
only. Nobody else's.
Get the fuck out of my car.
Have a nice day.
Let's go.
(IN SPANISH) How are you?
Good.
(IN ENGLISH) Good kid. Ruby!
This is Iago. He's gonna help
you out for a little bit.
(IN SPANISH) Can you drive?
Yes.
Let's go.
It's okay?
GARZA: (IN ENGLISH) Be strong.
It's a shame what
happened to Yannick.
How many times did I tell
you to fix those trucks?
Do you know how many
fucking people died?
I told you to fix those trucks.
Where are my
daughter's inhalers?
You don't have 'em? Get
the fuck out of here. Go.
Describe the crime scene.
How the fuck you
supposed to do that?
Forty-three dead
motherfuckers in a semi.
Fucking bullshit.
Ninety percent paperwork.
ten percent action.
Bro. I never would've signed up.
How are you coming on
with the paperwork?
You know what I
was thinking. Cap?
-Secretaries. Good-looking ones.
-(CHUCKLES)
I'll turn it in at the
next budget meeting.
Listen. you two are going
down to 63rd Street.
Right now? For what?
The Feds picked up that case
on the interstate trafficking.
They're putting together
a joint task force
and I am putting you two on it.
Don't make me look
like an asshole.
(CLICKS NECK)
(CAR HORN BEEPS)
What tribe?
-Sac and Fox.
-Bag's in the back.
You said ten. There's
only nine in here.
-(ZIPS BAG UP)
-You'll hear from us.
I hope so.
Jack. open the door.
JACK: I'm not going.
I already told you.
I don't need fucking therapy.
And listen. you already have
my phone. I can't leave.
I'm feeling very punished.
TESS: Jack. open the
door. get in the car.
Let's go. please.
I know you don't
understand this.
but I am trying to help you.
Sue me. I don't want
you to settle for a GED
and a fucking fast-food job
because I know that you
are better than that.
God. you know what.
Tess? Maybe I'm not.
Maybe that's my fucking destiny.
Right? Would that
be so horrible?
You have no fucking clue what
you're talking about. okay?
And you fucking do?
How about you tell me this.
what do you do all day?
That's really nice.
Fuck you. Jack.
You know I'm trying. but you
make it really. really hard.
You used to like me
when your dad and I
first got together.
Do you remember that?
No.
Okay. (SIGHS)
I will go to the
appointment then
since we've already paid for it.
And while I'm gone. if I
see you leave on the Ring.
I promise you. you will
regret the day you were born.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
Fucking bitch.
(KNOCKING ON WINDOW)
Hey. How long have
you been out there?
(SIGHS) Long enough.
She's gone.
You look so fucking
hot when you get mad.
Yeah. I don't know.
They found some fucking
therapist at church.
-I don't know. Fuck all that.
-So. what. we got like an hour?
I wanna show you something.
What is this?
(GROANS)
Holy fuck. (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Jack...
I love you.
You too.
(RAP MUSIC PLAYING IN CAR)
What's up with it?
The Juice is loose. baby!
-What's good. bro?
-What's up?
How you doing. bro? I
ain't seen you in a minute.
When did they let you out?
Yesterday.
Your cousin Jarel's in there.
You been gone for a minute.
I don't fuck with
that nigga like that.
Nigga got short
eyes. straight up.
They pulled his papers. PC now.
Big Dink's in there. too. G-Pop.
Big Dink will put you
down for real. man.
(LAUGHS)
What's up with you. bro? What
you doing out here on the north?
I came to talk about Cali.
Hey. dude. Just give
me a minute. bro.
So. Cali. What's up. man.
You taking a trip? What?
I can't leave the state.
I have some new friends.
And they asked me to speak
to you about ending this
problem between you
and the Sureons.
New friends? I know
these new friends?
Who you talking about. bro?
The IBH.
And I have a feeling if we don't work
this out. things might get worse.
So. what? I'm gonna
just go through you?
That's it? That's the only
thing that's gonna change for me
and I ain't gonna have no more
smoke with the Mexicans? What?
That's it.
There's one more
thing they want.
(RUBY IN SPANISH) Your next
address will be sent here.
You click.
Follow the instructions.
You park. You wait five minutes.
If more than five minutes.
pass. You leave. onto the next.
Grey and Clear. okay?
Sixty a gram.
They enter. tell you how many.
Give you the money.
you give them the bags.
The money first always. okay?
We're open from 9AM to 10PM.
Never earlier. never later.
No small talk.
They enter. You serve them.
They leave. That's it.
Anyone who has our
number knows the drill.
And most important rule.
Never leave the car.
Okay?
If you need to take a
piss or a shit. call.
I will send you an
address of a safe place.
What happens when I run out?
You won't ever run out.
MAN: (IN ENGLISH) For those of
you who don't watch the news.
43 bodies were found
on 169 outside of Tulsa
and they were all
cowboyed in. Next slide.
Yannick Paquio. Surenos
13. Gulf Cartel.
known coyote and smuggler
was found with four in
his chest at the scene
under the driver's
side wheel well.
Uncut. raw fentanyl
likely left behind
by whoever put four
into our coyote.
These were also found at
the scene. 44 Polaroids.
One of each of our dead migrants
plus one more than we
found in the truck.
Slide. please.
Looks to be of Mexican descent.
If he's not dead. they probably
got him driving or processing.
This is Officers West and Tyson.
SID. TPD respectively. Would
you like to add anything?
Not really. but for
what it's worth.
those bodies were still
warm when we showed up.
Can you tell us anything
about the local landscape?
Everyone's represented here.
The IBH. Surenos.
Crips. Aryans.
you got the Irish.
Had a couple New Generation
members from California lately.
With the fentanyl
and the new P2P.
it's just the Wild
West out here.
I mean. murders are
off the charts. ODs.
It's. um... it's hard.
Thank you. For those of
you from out of town.
Oklahoma is a little different.
Unlike our Lone Star
friends to the south.
this is not a narco state.
So everything runs through
the Indian Brotherhood.
Slide. please.
And all from inside
our state pen.
This is Holt Light feather.
War Chief of the IBH
serving life at Big Mac.
under 24-hour lockdown.
Nothing moves in and out of
this state without his approval
and he works lock in step
with the Sureno cell leader.
Next slide.
Ramón Garza.
Now. between the two of them
they control I-35. 40. and 44.
all the fentanyl and meth that
comes in and out of the state.
so even if Garza
wasn't our trigger man.
he was definitely involved.
Aside from a bunch
of dead cheerleaders.
43 dead migrants is about as
bad as PR gets in this climate.
So the story's not going
away unless we make it.
So everybody...
work your sources.
Work together.
Find Garza.
(SPANISH DANCE MUSIC)
Yeah. that's the
whip right there.
The one with the Cali plates.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
All right. bro. It's gonna be
two New Generation
cats up in there.
One with a baby face.
and one with face tats.
Where are you going?
I'm gonna take a look.
No!
I need to piss. Relax.
MAN: Man. you know he gonna be
the only white boy
up in there. right?
-(MUSIC CONTINUES)
-(URINATES)
-So. they in there?
-(EXHALES)
Oh. they're in there. yeah.
Man. I did my part. Now
where the bag at. man?
Let me see what
we're talking about.
Oh. yeah. We in the game.
Hell. yeah. brother.
Well. shit. bro. I'm
about to head out.
You gonna stick around.
better make this look
like some cartel shit.
Oh. yeah?
You got any other
ideas. Booker T?
(LAUGHS)
Man. you lucky I fuck
with your nephew.
you fucking moon cricket.
Man. I'm gonna fuck with
you though. man. Be safe.
Hit my line. all right?
Crazy ass motherfucker.
We gotta make it look like
the Mexicans did this shit.
That's what he just said. Mick.
All right.
I didn't like the way
he said it. you know?
No. I don't know.
And you gotta be careful.
Someome's gonna put a bullet in your
head if you keep talking like that.
This isn't 1950.
I mean. to be honest with you.
her thighs were
a bit big for me.
TESS: That's it?
Yeah. they were jiggly.
They were too big.
Come on! She was a nice girl.
I worked really hard setting
that up. and you just...
You have to lower
your expectations.
-Lower my expectations?
-Yes!
You better listen to her. Ty.
I think a lot of women
may disagree with you.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah. I like being single.
I don't want to
have my own kids.
Jack and Jayla
are enough for me.
And I think at the
end of the day...
you have to be kind of crazy
to want to be with a cop.
Yeah.
Hey. Layne. stop doing
that. I'll do it.
You want to put Jayla to bed?
-Yes. I do.
-Thank you. sweetie.
I'll let you take over.
Let the boss take over.
TY: Daddy of the Year.
"Pig liked to get dirty.
He frankly..."
-What's that word?
-"Rank."
He was rank? Ew!
"His paws could be frightful.
His fur often..."
What's that word?
"Stank."-"Stank."
-Oh. my God.
-(LAUGHING)
-She's out.
-Thank you.
What's going on with Jack?
I'm out here all night. and he
doesn't come out and say hello.
You can try. He has
not left his room
since we grounded him. so...
Good luck.
(VIDEO GAME SOUNDS)
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
I'm not hungry.
TY: Good. because
I don't got food.
Open up the door.
(SOFTLY) Fuck!
What's up. Ty?
You're either jerking
off or building a bomb.
Don't tell me
which one. (LAUGHS)
I'm grounded.
-I'm sure they told you already.
-Yeah. they did.
Pretty fucking stupid. kid.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
Dad said you got a girlfriend.
What's up with that?
Oh. she's ugly. huh? (CHUCKLES)
I'm just fucking with you. man.
Is she cool?
-Nah. man. She's cool.
-Yeah.
She's cool.
Hey. Jack. Do me a favor. man.
Be careful.
I'm not talking about
condoms. The other shit.
People are dropping
like flies out there.
I don't want you
to be one of 'em.
You hear me?
And don't be afraid to call
me sometime. like you used to.
Hit a game or something.
Okay. man. Yeah.
I'll hit you up.
Yeah.
You're almost old enough
to be my wingman now.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
I love you. kid.
So does everyone in that
other room. you hear me?
(SIGHS)
-(MAN GRUNTS)
-MICK: Come on.
Come on. stop moving.
Stop moving. please.
Stop moving. Oh. come on. bro.
Do you know how much
I hate you people?
California.
Your avocados.
Electric cars.
You're a bunch of douche
bags. You're all hypocrites.
-(WHEEZING SOFTLY)
-You know that. right?
PC. woke bullshit.
Hey. man. I voted for Obama.
No.
No. I thought about
voting for Obama.
-I don't know what I was doing.
-(MAN GRUNTS)
(MIKE GRUNTS)
It's okay. You're OK.
(GRUNTS)
My fucking knees.
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
Don't ever get old. Georgie.
(SPLASH)
(MUFFLED SCREAMS)
How's that for sending
a fucking message?
(PHONE VIBRATES)
What's up. man?
-It's good.
-Good? What do you got for me?
I've got Grey and Clear.
-What's the ticket on the Greys?
-Sixty.
All right. I'll take two of 'em.
Damn. bro.
All right. I'll hit you up.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Give me one White. Two Grey.
One and one.
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
One White.
I want two Grey.
Thank you.
Hey. I need two Grey.
Here you go. Thank
you. You want a hit?
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(WHISTLES)
(IN SPANISH) Stop.
Turn it off.
Get out.
Keys.
You'll take this car
after your lunch.
Thank you.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
(SPANISH MUSIC)
(MUSIC CONTINUES
IN THE DISTANCE)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(IN SPANISH) Hey. You hungry?
Yes.
Food's almost ready.
Where's the bathroom?
Over there. To the right.
Don't get lost.
(POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
You know these dudes?
I know they're narcos. but
they ain't local Surenos.
TY: My money says
New Generation.
Surenos sending a message.
Let's go to the club.
(SIRENS AND RADIO CHATTER)
MAN: Do either of these
gentlemen look familiar to you?
WOMAN: I haven't seen them.
Hey. how do you hit the
fast forward on this?
Fast forward. rewind. play.
There it is.
Hey. man. Wait a minute. Rewind
that for a second. You see that?
-TY: What's The Hoop doing here?
-Uh-huh.
MAN: Who's The Hoop?
Mickey Greene. Irish Mob.
Mickey The Hoop.
Yeah. play that.
Run it back.
Okay. freeze it.
(CLICKS)
WEST: Oh. shit.
TY: The fuck is Ramón
doing with The Hoop?
-(FOOTSTEPS)
-(KNOCK ON DOOR)
TESS: Jack. you're leaving
for church in ten. Wake up.
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
-(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
-Jack. come on!
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
-(KNOCKS AT DOOR)
-Jack!
JACK: I'm coming.
PASTOR: When have you
experienced or witnessed
that threshold
moment in your life?
The kind of milestone moment
in which two major
chapters have taken place?
A beginning and an ending.
Do you have something in mind?
Can you name a few?
Well. sometimes
they're really big.
they're the major events. Um...
A birth. Going off to school.
A promotion at work.
A really great meal with the
family. the ones you love.
These moments can be filled
-with all sorts of emotions.
-Jack. sit up.
If you can name these emotions.
it's a milestone moment.
Jack. sit up.
We might feel joy. we might
feel anticipation. anxiousness.
They'll test you.
-make you feel...
-Sit up.
-Fucking stop. Jesus!
-Jack!
-What's the matter?
-This is all bullshit.
-Oh. my God.
-What'd you say?
-This is all bullshit.
-(SHUSHES)
No. I said this is
all fucking bullshit!
There's no fucking God.
That guy doesn't know what
the fuck he's talking about.
-WEST: Jack. Jack. Sit down.
-No! No! No!
I'm not gonna fucking sit down.
All of your tithing
just pays for his kids
to stay in private school
and pay for his country
club membership.
All right. I'm done.
You're all fucking sheep.
-I'm sorry.
-TESS: No. let him go.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
Who says church can't have
a little excitement
in the morning?
(LAUGHTER)
I think it's time for us to
move on to the benediction.
What are we gonna do?
We're gonna find another
church. All right?
I don't care about
those people. Layne.
He hates me.
I don't know what I did
to him that was horrible.
-What did I do to him?
-Hey. hey. Okay. listen.
You didn't do anything. He's
a messed-up kid. a teenager.
-You know what that's like.
-Yeah. It feels different.
I know it feels
different. but it's not.
It's because we're on
the other end of it.
-It's not your fault.
-(PHONE VIBRATES)
-Baby. I gotta get this.
-Mm-hm.
All right. Jay-Jay.
You want to go outside
and play for a minute?
Mommy and Daddy need
to talk. all right?
Okay. Daddy.
I am so sorry.
I'm gonna find him
the moment I get off.
I don't want you to find him.
-What?
-You need to let him go.
I don't want him
in my house. okay?
So. I'll see you when
you get home. okay?
-Stand over there.
-Hoagie. No.
Fucking traffic cop.
I ain't fucking
around with you today.
You run. I'm gonna
shoot your ass.
Thanks. Hoagie.
-What should I do with this?
-TY: Let me see it.
Those handcuffs feel familiar.
MICK: There's always
a first time. Ty.
Oh. damn. Mickey.
-You back on the gak?
-That ain't mine.
-Get the fuck out of here.
-(THEY CHUCKLE)
-We got it from here. Hoag.
-All right.
-Mickey The Hoop.
-(LAUGHS)
Ain't no one call
me that in a while.
You know why they
call him The Hoop?
Nah. why do they
TY: Hey. tell my friend West
here why they call you The Hoop.
WEST: Yeah. tell me.
Nah. It's a long story.
It's not that long of a story.
Once upon a time when Mickey
did his first bid at Big Mac.
he wanted to join up
with the Irish boys.
but nobody could
fucking stand him.
Wouldn't stop running his
mouth. so they made him a mule.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah.
And at that. he was a legend.
See. as big as his mouth was.
turns out the other
end was even bigger.
Guy could hoop anything.
An ounce of smack.
cellphone. shivs.
Shit. I heard you once...
you once gangstered a .38
right inside of your ass.
-With a moon clip.
-(TY LAUGHS)
Well. my mother always says.
"Everyone has a talent."
And your mother
ought to know. Ty.
He got momma jokes
today. (LAUGHS)
What? What the fuck?
What the fuck you clowns
want from me. huh?
It's Sunday.
I got two dead bodies
at 69th Street Pool.
That's a shame.
No one teach them how to swim?
Well. their Escalade
was at Hayes.
And we saw you on
the camera. Mickey.
Well...
What were you doing at Hayes?
Not exactly a typical
spot for us Irish. right?
Especially an old
bigot like you.
Well. Ty...
You know. I'm getting older.
thinking a lot about my legacy.
Maybe finally procreating.
Passing on my lineage.
The Mexicans. they are
very fertile people.
-You know what I mean?
-Heard your nephew's out.
He knows you're
twisting the pipe again?
I told you.
-That ain't mine. It ain't mine.
-"Oh. it ain't mine."
I'm just gonna book
you on this right now.
We'll fast track that paperwork
and get you back on the
yard hooping by Tuesday.
How do you know Ramón Garza?
I don't know that freak.
Shut the fuck up. We
got you on camera.
You were in the
back room together.
I do not fucking know
the man. all right?
He's big time. Eugh!
Besides. I don't deal with the
Mexicans. just the Indians.
The what?
-The who? The Natives?
-That's not...
That is not what I said.
You need to start
saying something now.
I'm gonna get them to
throw the book at you.
Easy ten. Easy.
Come on. man. All right?
Hey. come on. what?
Fuck.
(SIGHS)
What's up? What's up. man?
-Come on. bro.
-You want it?
-Yeah.
-How bad you want it?
You want it?
(SIGHS) Bro. are you gonna
play with me all day?
Take it.
Oh. it I s y ours.
Fucking yours.
Yeah. It's windy out here.
Can I sit in the car?
Go ahead and get
in the front seat.
Okay.
-TY: That's my fucking seat.
-I know.
See. I don't care
what you're into.
I don't even care about
them New Generation cats.
I want Ramón Garza.
And I don't fucking care how
you have to get him. all right?
You hear me?
Yeah. Yeah.
You're fucking mine now.
-(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
-(RAP MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey. man.
Is it cool if I crash?
Mi casa es su casa. Come on.
-JACK: What's up. Doobs?
-Yo.
You wanna play?
I've been whupping Doobie's
ass all fucking day.
Nah. nah. I'm good. man.
-RYAN: What's been up?
-Just freaked out on my parents.
RYAN: Man. fuck your
parents. (LAUGHS)
You wanna hit that bong?
JACK: Yeah.
(LIQUID BUBBLES)
(COUGHS)
You're dog shit. I
ain't even gonna lie.
RYAN: Fuck you. Doobie.
You ass. man. get out of here.
DOOBIE: Man. fuck
you. Watch this.
Hey. can I borrow your
phone to call Colby?
RYAN: Yeah. man.
(PHONE LINE RINGING)
Hey. baby. Your mom
let you go to Ryan's?
DOOBIE: Colby. suck my dick.
JACK: Hey. shut the fuck up.
I'll beat your ass. Doobie.
Sorry. he's fucking stoned.
Um. no. I. uh...
I freaked out at
church. and I dipped.
I'm so sorry.
babe. Are you okay?
Yeah. yeah. I'm cool. Um...
I'm just gonna stay
here tonight though.
I thought maybe you'd want to
come over and hang with me.
His parents are
out of town. so...
Well. I'm taking my mom to the
mall. and then I'll come over.
-Okay?
-Oh. okay. Yeah.
-I'll see you in a bit.
-Oh. hey. um...
Could you bring by
some more of that stuff
you had the other day?
-Yeah. Love you.
-Love you too.
Yo. Doobie. Come suck my dick!
(WHISTLES) Come on! Let's
go! Let's go! Close it up.
(COUGHS)
GARZA: Let the chemicals sit
with the gasoline for an hour.
The meth will harden.
rise to the top.
Break the crystals. fish
'em out. dry them. bag 'em.
Right? Get up.
And the Ivory?
Good.
(IN SPANISH) One cup
for every three bricks.
(IN ENGLISH) I'm proud of you.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(UNZIPS BAG)
Two Grey. please.
What's your name?
Uh. Iago.
Do you speak English?
Yeah. yeah. No. I do.
(IN SPANISH) My grandmother
was from Chihuahua.
I'm from Nuevo León.
My name is Colby.
It's nice to meet you. Iago.
I'll see you around.
(IN ENGLISH) See you around.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
I gotta go home. man.
Shit's been a fucked-up day.
Mickey.-What?
-Are you fucking with us?
-Fuck you. man.
I told you what I
know. all right?
And how do you know?
Everybody talks.
It's an open secret.
Tweakers. they know
everything on the street.
And they told me the
warehouse is on this block
but like I said. I
don't know which one.
Hey. is that him?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.-Uh-huh.
It's him.
-Fuck. Fuck. Okay.
-What?
-I'm gonna get out of the car.
-WEST: Don't you fucking move.
Mick. Just stay still.
Stay still right now.
TY: They make us?
Well. we're in an
unmarked cop car.
I'm sure he didn't notice.
Shut the fuck up.
WEST: This is him.
-Where is he?
-TY: He's two cars up.
-Come on. there he is.
-That one right there.
Could we just stop
for bubble tea. huh?
Doesn't that sound like a
better way to spend the time?
WEST: Come on. mother...
He's pulling into the right.
Come on. motherfucker.
Why you gotta be so close on
him? Just pull back a little.
TY: He's gonna pull off
at the Super Mercado.
Fuck.
TY: That's him.
Call it in.
Can I get all available
units at 5100 and Peoria?
I repeat. all available
units. 5100 and Peoria.
OFFICER: Copy that.
(GUNSHOTS)-(YELLS)
Shit! Shit! Shit!
Fuck!
TY: Fuck! (GROANS)
-GARZA: Fuck.
-(TY GROANS)
(TY COUGHS)
(SIRENS APPROACH)
(TY COUGHS. GASPS)
WEST: Ty!
Ty!
(GROANS)
This is Officer West.
I got a triple nine
over here at 5100 and Peoria.
I repeat. a triple nine
at 5100 and Peoria.
-Copy.
-TY: I'm fucked up.
Hey. man. No. you're all right.
I'm just gonna keep pressure
on it. You're gonna be okay.
-All right?
-(GRUMBLES)
I... I shot him. (COUGHS)
Yeah. you did. Yeah. you
did. You got him. man.
-MAN ON TV: A kind of butter.
-WOMAN: Yes.
MAN: And. of course.
gyros are a staple.
-Yes. they are.
-Greek cuisine.
GINGER: Who's there?
WOMAN: Before I do that.
I brought you a hat.
MAN: I've got a hat. yes.
-Will this fit on me? Yes.
-Yes.
What's wrong. Mick?
WOMAN: We have a
traditional pita here.
And then today and tomorrow.
you can get grilled chicken...
What? Uh...
Nothing.
WOMAN: Family meals
and lots of good stuff.
Beer. wine.
We talked about the
butter and dessert...
-George? Where's George?
-He went out.
MAN: Not the best thing.
but you want a little bit.
This is actually a
pretty healthy meal.
GINGER: Everything all
right. little brother?
I'm sweaty. I'm sorry.
I'm sweaty. It's
fine. Where's George?
-I told you. he's out.
-Okay.
Fuck. fuck. fuck.
(EXHALES)
GINGER: We're going to
Benihana's later on.
MICK: What? Where are you going?
Benihana's.-Oh.
GINGER: You been drinking again?
No. no. no.
MAN: I'm gonna try
this off the air.
I'm just gonna make a mess if
I try to eat this on the air
but I am going to sample this.
GINGER: What is it. baby?
We got people all around that
are eyeing this right now.
So. again. remind
folks at home...
-Mick. what the hell...
-No. I...
I'm not hungry.
Ginge. I'm sorry.
WOMAN: So again.
it's at Holy Trinity
Greek Orthodox Church...
(COUGHS)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
Damn. he gonna get some.
(GIRL SCREAMS)
-You wanna get out of here?
-Yeah. Yeah.
(MUSIC CONTINUES
IN THE DISTANCE)
-What are you doing?
-You know.
Oh. okay.
God. you look so fucking hot.
Fuck.
(EXHALES)
What are you looking at?
You.
(HEART RATE MONITOR BEEPING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Sir.
(SIGHS)
They told me that you were here.
Any word on Garza?
We got a car stationed at the
warehouse. We got an APB out.
We're stopping anything
going south. We'll find him.
You all right?
-It's my fault.
-No.
I left him alone.
You can't prepare
for this shit. West.
I mean... Academy.
drill training.
It don't matter.
I've seen your file.
You're the real deal. you know?
You made the best
decision in the moment.
You know. during Covid. uh...
when we closed the border.
a pound of meth went from $3.000
to $25.000.
Fentanyl was even more.
So they fucking know
how to end this thing.
The higher on the
ladder you climb...
the greater the view
and you realize...
just how fucked we really are.
The reason we'll
never win this war.
because it doesn't matter
if they're cartel
or they're Natives.
their lives depend on this shit.
Their children's lives
depend on this shit.
What we won't admit...
is that our lives
depend on it too.
GUARD: Holt. it's your attorney.
-Yeah.
-There's a problem. man.
I heard from one
of my guys at TPD
they picked up Mickey Greene.
You may know his nephew.
George Greene. AKA Smiley.
And. uh. this concerns me how?
This concerns you because
Ramón took out that cop.
So the cop's dead?
From what I'm told. it doesn't
look like he'll make it.
Do we know where Ramón is?
No.
Well...
I suggest that we go find Ramón.
Understand?
And what about Mickey?
(CHUCKLES)
You know.
You two ain't said shit
since we left the house.
Where the fuck are we going?
Is this the silent game?
Everybody ignore Mickey?
You know what? Fuck you.
Both of you. Fuck you.
Why are we headed
up to the rez? Hm?
George? Why are we
headed to the rez?
George? Hey. George?
I fucking taught you everything.
Why are we going into the rez?
Georgie...
They know you were
talking to cops. Mick.
Who fucking said that? Who...?
Oh. fuck you!
They just wanted to know about
the Mexicans. that's all.
They didn't care about
our shit and they just...
They don't care about that.
swear to G. so there you go.
There it is. All better.
Turn the car around.
and let's go home!
You're gonna get me clipped just
to keep your connection? Hmm?
Blood's not thicker than water?
It's you or my baby. Mick.
Ain't no one taking
my baby from me.
You made your bed.
Listen. Georgie. uh...
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
Georgie... My little man...
I'm sorry. okay?
(YELLS) Stop the car!
Jesus. Fucking lunatic.
The hell's he going.
fucking idiot?
(SCREAMS)
George.
I made a mess. Georgie.
Oh. please.
Please.
George. Georgie. Georgie.
-Fuck you. Mickey.
-Please! Please!
Georgie!
(GUNSHOTS)
(PHONE KEYPAD BEEPS)
Yeah.
We didn't make it
all the way there.
MAN: Where you at?
Check your texts.
He's off Creek Nation Turnpike.
Mile marker 22. if you
wan to see for yourself.
Send me the next address
when you have it.
Let me hit you back in a second.
(GROANS SOFTLY)
(SIGHS)
Hey. Colby.
Hey. Colby. wake up.
Colby? Oh. God. Get up. (CRYING)
I don't know what...
You're okay.
It's okay. You're okay.
I'm gonna call somebody.
-(PHONE VIBRATES)
-(SIGHS)
Who is this?
JACK: Dad. I'm fucked up.
Where are you?
I'm at Ryan's.
Okay. Okay. okay. I'm on my way.
What is it?
(SOBBING) Oh. God. Dad.
(CONTINUES CRYING)
Oh. come on. Come on. please.
Come on. Please.
(GROANS SOFTLY)
(SIGHS)
Okay.
(MUTTERS)
-Hey. Jack!
-Dad!
-Jack!
-Dad! Dad. I'm over here.
-Jack. what's...
-She's fucking dead. Dad!
-What? What?
-She's fucking dead!
-Are you okay?
-She's dead. (SOBS)
You're okay. Okay.
-Oh. God. Dad!
-It's not your fault. all right?
-I'm fucked up.
-Okay.
-Okay. come here.
-I'm fucked up! I'm sorry!
-You're okay.
-It's okay.
-I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
-I'm sorry!
You're okay. You're okay.
Listen to me. Listen to me.
You're okay. You're
breathing right now.
You are okay.
Okay? Breathe. Breathe. Okay?
I'm so fucking
happy you're okay.
(VOICES ON POLICE RADIO)
Y'all get a hold
of your parents?
I can't have you hanging
out here now. okay?
-Okay.
-All right.
Hey. how you doing?
You guys all right?
Take him home. I'm gonna
meet you guys later. okay?
I'm sorry.
You're all right.
-I'll see you.
-Okay.
I think we have something.
Yeah. You wanna log this for me?
-Absolutely.
-I appreciate it.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
-Yeah. go for West.
-FROSTY: Hey.
-We found the stash house.
-I'm on my way.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
-Hello?
-GARZA: Do you know who this is?
Uh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Look at me.
All right. Let's go.
Go. go. go.
-Are you shot?
-Yeah.
-Do you have any more water?
-No. That's all I got.
-Drive. drive.
-Where are we going?
This way.
MAN: We tailed the suspect
from the warehouse three
blocks east of here.
SWAT's gonna take us in.
Medic. station there.
The closest hospital is
on 11th. It is Hillcrest.
Hopefully we don't need that.
but if we do. local
PD will escort.
Does anybody have anything
else they want to add?
West? Anything?
(SCOFFS) Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I got something to say.
In the last 24 hours.
I've come to
intimately understand
what we're up against here.
I ain't under any delusions
that after we take this
house or take Garza
that another house.
another Garza
just isn't gonna pop up. man.
because they fucking will.
I just can't believe
what we're doing here.
what we do every
day... is for nothing.
I owe it to my kid. man.
I owe it to the people who
can't help themselves...
to keep fighting. man.
Looks set.
Rip it.
Get on the ground! Get
on the ground! Get down!
Get on the ground!
-Everybody. down!
-Everybody. down right now!
Everybody. on the ground!
On the fucking ground!
You hear me? Hey!
Hey. buddy. come on.
Come on. I need
you on the ground.
Hey. man. Hey.
hey. hey. hey. Hey.
Boy! Hey! Hey!
Boy. I don't know what the
fuck's wrong with you. pal!
What the fuck's
wrong with this guy?
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
(SEVERAL PEOPLE SPEAK SPANISH)
You listen to them. You listen
to them. You listen to them!
Fucking listen to them!
(SCREAMING)
Fuck!
This whole fucking
business. bro.
Everybody laughed at this city.
The cartel. they were interested
in New York and Chicago.
But I saw the value here.
I saw the value in little
people in the middle of America.
I built the relationship
with the Natives.
I taught them how to eat.
I built this fucking place.
Look at me.
It's all over now.
Get... out.
(SNIFFS. SIGHS)
(WHISTLES)
(IN SPANISH) Come here.
Are you the boss?
(IN ENGLISH) Fuck you. pig.
I ain't telling you shit.
Okay. Okay. you're
a gangster. huh?
Hmm.
That's cool. I'm a gangster too.
So I can do one of
two things here.
I can put you on that bus
back to Mexico with them
or I leave you here
and I hang everything in this
house on your fucking head.
That's about 150 keys.
You got human trafficking.
not to mention an OD
and a cop in an ICU.
How about that?
You fucking get me?
Yeah.-Yeah.
(IN SPANISH) Where is Ramon?
(BANGING ON DOOR)
Yes?
You speak English?
Good. Take a fucking seat.
-You wanted those?
-Thank you very much.
You bet.
Georgie. will you go to
the bathroom. please.
and get me a couple of towels.
wet them with hot water?
(WATER RUNNING)
-GARZA: Are you a doctor?
-Veterinarian's assistant.
(CHUCKLES) We don't have
a lot of time. brother.
-Okay.
-GINGER: Hold still.
-(GROANING IN PAIN)
-Easy. easy. easy.
Yeah. you ain't much different
from a dog. are you. hon?
Anyhow. I'm gonna have
to get that slug out
before the lead settles.
You might want to bite on that.
Because this is gonna hurt.
Not a little. but a lot.
Wait. wait. Can we just maybe
leave it in a little bit?
We're about to go south.
Not if you want to make
it back down to Mexico.
-All right. just be gentle.
-Here we go. gentle as a lamb.
-Yep.
-It doesn't hurt.
-No. it doesn't hurt a bit.
-(MUFFLED SCREAM)
-All right. Almost there.
-(SCREAMS)
Hold your fucking head still.
Easy. boy. Easy. Easy. Easy.
There you go. Hold still.
That's it. I got it. I
got it. Out she comes.
GARZA: Fuck!
WEST: Get the door!
Hey. let's move. Let's
line up on the side.
Line up on the side.
Squeeze it up.
Moving.-Move!
GINGER: All right. bubba.
-Now you're all set.
-(GROANS)
Now what do you say?
Thank you?
Thank you.
We got rid of a bad apple and
I fixed your friend up here.
So my baby's out of your
debt now. you understand?
Ma. come on. we gotta go.
No. Georgie. I wanna
hear the man say it.
-Back to business.
-Good.
I'll wait for your call.
-Yo. Smiley's on the move.
-Let him go. man.
-OFFICER: Moving.
-Move!
-OFFICER 2: Move!
-WEST: Line it up. Squeeze up.
Contact front!
-OFFICER 3: I'm hit!
-WEST: Get him in that room!
-(RAPID GUNFIRE)
-Oh. shit!
(GUNSHOTS)
Reloading!
Covering.
(CARTEL MEMBER LAUGHS)
Let's go. motherfucker!
Hey. I'm hit!
OFFICER: Get him
out! Get him out!
Reload! Reload!
You want a piece of me.
you fuck? Come get it!
-Yo. you're good?
-(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
What the fuck you wanna do. man?
GARZA: Let's smoke
these motherfuckers.
(GRUNTS)
Shit.-Jai!
OFFICER: Get him
out. get him out!
(GUNFIRE)
-(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
-(SIRENS BLARING)
-OFFICER: I'm down.
-OFFICER 2: Fire!
OFFICER 3: Covering!
Fuck!
(SIRENS BLARING)
CHILD: Dadda!
Dadda! Dadda! Dadda!
(SPANISH MUSIC PLAYING)
(GARZA SOBS SOFTLY)
MAN: Ready! Aim!
Fire!
-(GUNSHOT)
Ready! Aim!
Fire!
-(GUNSHOT)
Bugler. sound Taps.
(♪ BUGLER PLAYS "TAPS")
(SIGHS)
Oh. man.
I should've been
there for you. man.
I promise you. I'm
gonna look after Jack.
I will look after the family
as I know you would. man.
Yeah. fuck around and find out.
(SIGHS)
Are you okay?
Yeah.
He loved you like
you were his own son.
-Yeah. I know. I loved him too.
-Yeah.
Man. I'm proud of you.
It hasn't been easy. and
you've been through a lot.
And you're about to go do
something that's very hard.
but you will be stronger
for it afterwards.
I love you.
(SNIFFLES)
Are you coming back Saturday?
It's when visitors are allowed.
I'll be there. I promise you.
JACK: Hey.
(SIGHS)
(INMATES CHATTER
IN THE DISTANCE)
INMATE: Surenos 13
ain't shit. homie!
(INMATE SHOUTS)
(CHATTERS INDISTINCTLY)
INMATE 3: You're a dead man.
Yeah. they set you up. homie.
(BANGING ON WINDOWS)
(INMATE SPEAKING SPANISH)
(BANGING CONTINUES)
-GARZA: Goodbye. motherfucker!
-(INMATE CHATTERS)
Motherfucker!
Fuck! Come on!
Get the fuck off
me. motherfucker!
(MEN GRUNTING)
Not so tight next
time. huh. Booker?
You must be West.
You're not as big
as I envisioned.
And I've heard that before.
How do you like
it in this place?
It's not so bad.
Three hots and a cot.
If you came from
where I came from.
you'd probably think the same.
To what do I owe
this... pleasure?
I just came to get
a good look at you.
Oh.
And I heard about Ramón.
That's too bad.
Hmm.
Yeah. I'm sorry to hear about
your partner who got whacked.
I also heard that your son
is struggling with
addiction. Is that right?
You're a drug cop. aren't you?
-SID. but. yeah. I'm a drug cop.
-Yeah.
You know. I read an interesting
statistic the other day in...
The New York Times
or The Journal. or...
I can't remember. It
doesn't even matter anyway.
But it said
that over 90 percent of
the treatment centers
in this country alone. mind you.
has not tested positive for
heroin in over two years.
Imagine that.
It's dead. It's gone.
It's been completely
taken over by fentanyl.
-You know why?
-Price.
Isn't that what it always is?
You don't have to grow anymore.
it's undetectable at the border.
a hundred times the potency.
No? Enlighten me.
Rebranding.
See. the cartels.
they want your kids.
They want the youth. they
want the next generation.
and the next generation
wants what's new.
And. uh. well...
Fentanyl is new.
And you're all right with that?
This is me. man.
All right. fine.
You know I killed your
guys. I seized your drugs.
And our tax dollars might
keep you safe in here
but I'm just letting you know
whoever else you put out there.
I'm gonna put them down
like a sick dog. man.
Whatever else you
put on the street.
I'm gonna take it cos I'm here.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
I'm here for all of it.
You know. the rain falls on
the just and the unjust...
just the same.
(KNOCKS ON DOOR)
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
Subtitles: Iyuno